What do you mean?
Too lazy to talk nonsense with you
Check out now
Tonight you spend 9.72 million your card 5 million
I have to pay 4.72 million
What? That Duquet and his men?
I just set off Yang Qiu with fireworks
And broke the sofa
What? What?
It was you just now and you just told me
Let's go
Brother Guiyang, wait for me.
Sorry brother plateau
I didn't know Duquet went so far
What is your relationship with him?
Of course it's a classmate
Not at all.
So I have no idea who he is
If you knew he was such a person
I can't let Jiang Shan invite him like that
You don't know him well.
Then why is Dukai like this everywhere today?
I ordered so many things on purpose
I don't know.
The king brother is like this
I'll return tonight's money to you in a few days.
No, I'm hurt.
I will never send you off
Then the king brother, have a good rest.